and that they have learned in youtube as
They are because they are very, very well
your car my jorge and be all
welcome are the videos of
halo information 2 anniversary in
this time phil spencer the
vice president of microsoft and studios
he replied to a fan that he will soon
about stealth 2 anniversary is even
a reality
phil spencer replied that he is never
tired of answering these questions
about what comes only that can not
always answer because they need
news for the events after he put
Halo 2 is a good game and he put three
ellipses also the page of
online video games extra light that is
Spanish already took the presale of halo 2
anniversary although obviously the image
it's a fan mail we all remember that if
it is a possibility that comes out this year
halo 2 anniversary since as
we remember the e3 of last year
it was simply that he was going to be in
nexus one and he was going to start this year
but 343 industries put us on that for
nothing was what is another halo 5
another milestone but it was simply for
put that halo saga that goes to
continue so this opens up a lot the
possibility that this year
they are 10
leave it 2 and given the success that halo had
combat evolved anniversary the first
then it is very likely that halo 2
anniversary is a reality too
something that many fans are
wondering I also want is from
that if halo two anniversaries and it's going to
be that if you are going to have the multiplayer
original I think that it must have
since what was the boom of the first hey
how good was your campaigns your single
player his story and leaves the two was the
online boom was what premiered ex of
life and then that's why it's so
important for microsoft in terms of
structure is what was caillaux 2 so
that either in gangs my opinion
I think that it is going to be a
halo 2 anniversary this year and by far
I'm going to demonstrate throughout the campaign
complete and the whole player is true
but being what they think will come out will not go away
only time will tell and I greet all
I say goodbye mice Jorge and subscribe to
channel for more news change and out